Full Name : Yongda Long
Student ID# : 172800211
Email : ylong9@myseneca.ca
Section : IPC144NDD

1/2.
I am in a group of 2 to complete this question. the work distribution is that
Ivan is working on the View all data part and View by region part of the code,
and I am working on the View by month and View by location name part of the code.
The function I created are: the main menu function, the view by month header and
body functions, the view by location name header and body functions, and for utility
functions I created unitconvertCMtoMM, unitconvertMMtoCM, and find next empty index,
theses utility functions are used to help writting the body functions. Overall I would
say we are pretty much 50% and 50% split on the work cause we all doing two parts of the 
displays.

3.
the data structures I used are Date, Location and Weather Record, they are created
from the file reading function and they are used to store all the data read from 
the txt file, so they can be transferred throught different functions. Then for the 
different views, I did not created any data structures, instead I used parallel arrays,
I think for the two types of the data I am doing, view by month and view by location name,
there are only two element for display, so I only need to create two arrays for them,
it is not worth it to create an extra data structure for each of the view.

4.
I dont feel too much chanllenge towards this question, most time are spent on the function body
of the two display functions, so they should be the chanllenge part. for example, the display by
month function, first I look at the output, I need to display 12 month, and I need to display the
precip for those 12 month, so I created a pair of parallel array for the display. then I need to 
fill in the data, so I created a loop to run through all data and add the precip into the corresponding
month's data. then I figured out they are in different unit, so I created two function that can convert unit 
back and forth so I can get the correct values. and then I just need to sort the two arrays together, and
then I need to display them, so I need to transfer the numbered month into a character string.
This is pretty much the whole process I overcome this problem.
